---
layout: page
title: "Author info"
permalink: "/info"
---

<style> h1 {color: darkblue;}</style>
<style> h2 {color: darkblue;}</style>

## Manuscript submission

Papers must be submitted in Portable Document Format (PDF) at our Submission Site in EasyChair according to the following deadlines (UTC-12 or Anywhere on Earth):
- Paper submission: January 15, 2026
- Notification of acceptance: March 15, 2026
- Updated paper submission: May 15, 2026
- Camera-ready paper submission (after symposium): July 17, 2026
  
[Paper Submission](https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=wafr2026)

## Manuscript preparation

Manuscripts should be prepared using the Springer Proceedings in Advanced Robotics (SPAR) format.
You can download the template files below:
- [LaTex](https://resource-cms.springernature.com/springer-cms/rest/v1/content/26361882/data/v2) (preferred)
- [Microsoft Word](https://resource-cms.springernature.com/springer-cms/rest/v1/content/26362274/data/v1)

Submissions should not exceed 16 pages plus references in this format (references do not count towards this page limit).
Additional details on the manuscript preparation can be found [here](https://resource-cms.springernature.com/springer-cms/rest/v1/content/26362278/data/v1).
WAFR submissions are single blind (authors are listed on the manuscript) and there is no rebuttal phase.

## Supplementary material

In the submissions before the symposium, you can submit supplementary material together with the main manuscript in a separate PDF or ZIP file (50MB max file size).
Please note that the program committee members are not required to check the supplementary material when preparing their reviews and we encourage you to make sure your paper is self-contained.
No supplementary material will be included in the book.

## Keywords

When submitting your manuscript, please use at least one of the following keywords:
- Algorithmic Completeness and Complexity
- Algorithms for Novel Robot Mechanisms and Sensors
- Automation, Manufacturing, and Logistics
- Collision Avoidance
- Computational Biology
- Computational Geometry
- Computer Animation and Simulation
- Control Theory and Optimization
- Dynamics
- Field Robotics
- Human-Robot Interaction
- Humanoids and Legged Systems
- Kinematics
- Localization and Mapping
- Formal Methods
- Machine Learning in Robotics
- Manipulation and Grasping
- Mathematical Modeling and Analysis
- Medical and Surgical Robots
- Micro/Nano Robots
- Mobile Robots
- Motion and Path Planning
- Multi-Agent Systems and Distributed Robotics
- Perception
- Service Robots
- Task Planning
- Vision and Sensor-based Control

## Use and disclosure of AI tools for authors

Generative AI tools and technologies, such as ChatGPT, may not be listed as authors of a paper submitted to WAFR.
The use of content generated by AI in an article (including but not limited to text, figures, images, and code) must be disclosed in the acknowledgments section.
The AI system used must be identified, and specific sections of the article that use AI-generated content should be specified and accompanied by a brief explanation regarding the manner in which the AI system was used to generate the content.
The use of AI systems for editing and grammar enhancement is common practice and, as such, is generally outside the intent of the above policy.
Even so, in this case, disclosure is still recommended as the lines between these uses can be difficult to distinguish.

## Use of AI tools for reviewers

Information or content contained in or about a manuscript under review shall not be processed through an AI system.
Doing so is considered a breach of confidentiality and as such is not permitted.
